Project name : NA
Category : Health/Medicine
Teacher name : Nathan A. Berger?
Teacher Email : nab@case.edu?
Teacher phone : Na
Need abstract either file or google doc
Do you or your parent/guardian object to you being featured in a photograph or by the news media?* (y/n)
Is your project a continuation from a previous year's project?* (y/n)



Form : 
1 of 9. Will your experiment include (check all that apply):
 Vertebrate animals
 Human Participants
 Recombinant DNA
 Microorganisms
 Human or animal tissue
 Hazardous Chemicals, Activities, or Devices
 Student-Designed Invention, App, or Prototype
 None of the Above

2 of 9. Will your experiment be conducted in one of the following sites (check all that apply):
 University or College Laboratory
 Commercial Laboratory
 Medical Facilities
 Industrial Setting (i.e. machine shop, manufacturing facility, etc.)
 Home
 School
 Farm, Ranch, in the Field
 Other

Is your project based on prior research that you have done?
 Yes
 No

Will your proposed experiment include any of the following (check all that apply):
 Non-invasive and non-intrusive behavioral or observational study on vertebrate animals
 Non-invasive and non-intrusive supplemental nutritional study on vertebrate animals
 Tissue is obtained from an animal sacrificed for your project
 Tissue is obtained from an animal sacrificed for a purpose other than your project
 All other studies with vertebrate animals
 None of the Above

Will your proposed experiment involve humans by including any of the following (check all that apply):
 Surveys, professional tests or questionnaires
 Emotional stress (i.e., ask questions of a personal nature)
 Exercise or physical exertion
 Ingestion (tasting) of any substance
 Student-designed invention/app/prototype
 None of the Above

 Will your experiment include interacting with any of the following groups (check all that apply):
 Children (under 18 years of age)
 Pregnant women
 People with disabilities
 Mentally disabled persons
 Economically or educationally disadvantaged persons
 Persons who suffer from disease (i.e., cancer, asthma, diabetes, cardiac disorders, dyslexia, AIDS, etc.)
 Adults (18 years of age or older)
 None of the Above

 My project involves a review of pre-existing human data sets or human data obtained through record review.
 Yes
 No
 If yes, how did you receive the data?
 It was not anonymous or de-identified
 It was de-identified and anonymous
 It is publicly available data

 Will your experiment include these hazardous chemicals, activities, or devices (check all that apply):
 DEA-controlled substances
 Prescription Drugs
 Consumable alcohol or tobacco
 Firearms or explosives
 Radiation or radioactive substances
 Chemicals
 Regulated Drones
 Potentially hazardous devices (Devices that require a level of expertise to ensure their safe usage.)
 None of the Above

 Will your experiment include (check all that apply):
 Working with bacteria, viruses, viroids, prions, richettsia, fungi or parasites
 Collecting or isolating organisms from any environment
 Working with Recombinant DNA (rDNA)
 Working with human or animal fresh tissue, blood or body fluids
 Working with Lactobacillus, Bacillus thurgensis, bakers or brewers yeast or mold growth on food where study ends when mold is first observed
 Working with nitrogen-fixing, oil-eating or algae- eating bacteria in their natural environments
 Working with protists, archaea or similar microorganisms
 Working with manure for composting or fuel production
 Testing water with commercially available color change coliform water test kits
 Working with decomposition of vertebrate organisms (forensic study)
 None of the Above
